Be careful
Why are you here? I should be asking you this, right?
What are you doing here?
Do I need to tell you what to do?
Be careful with dripping
Instead, you put it in the president's department of Fuji Group
Come to this kind of company to be an assistant
Let me guess.
There must be something you care about
Right
Your illegitimate child refund
I warn you.
Don't forget.
father
I will take away everything you care about one by one
Whether it is Fuji
Or Sunan?
Sister, are you alright?
What can I do?
It's alright
Ok I will come
Is there anything else you want?
No one's coming.
elder sister
If you meet any strange people recently, I must tell you something strange
I still have a new cooperation direction in charge. I'll go first.
Why does this feel weird?
Got it. Okay.